it's gargantuan seven storied structure
with no apparent rhyme or reason bill
hunting orders of a grieving widow Sara
Winchester's mind is chaotic as the
house itself were worried about her
sanity dr. price
mrs. Winchester it's a pleasure to
finally meet you you believe in ghosts
dr. price I do not believe in anything I
cannot see or study I feel a presence in
the air in the walls it has found her
mrs. Winchester father
well then construction on the spirit
killed by the rifle we lock them away 13
nails seals the moon I will do whatever
it takes to protect my family
[Applause]
[Music]
this spirit has a car we've not seen
before starlight and dewdrops awaiting
for the defeat
you